docs: add information about enabled field in SSR Cache (#6732)
vuestorefront/vue-storefront: packages/core/docs/performance/ssr-cache.md

Check the documentation for your e-commerce integration to see if it provides any invalidation handlers.
:::

::: warning WARNING

> The `@vue-storefront/cache/nuxt` cache module does not automatically invalidate tags, therefore, it is necessary to use or setup specific webhook for triggering invalidation end-point. Otherwise the content would be still cached after any change in the source (CMS/Ecommerce dashboard).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `@vue-storefront/cache/nuxt` module doesn't automatically invalidate tags. You must configure your CMS and e-commerce platforms to call the invalidation endpoint whenever content changes.
```
